the past few weeks have been very
stressful but at the same time they even
so good my brain for the past few days
has been kind of just like a cluster
crap of things we'll talk about that
later I'm just glad I got you guys I got
the PG fan have I ever worn my peak
Twitter hat before I think this is like
a vlog debut of a new color Twitter hat
pick up some ups packages have been lost
in the world for so long you bud have
these now and I read cuz I just Springs
it up and five flights of stairs and
then let's dark outside there's so much
to do it's gonna catch it up to Chris
but oh hello frustration in the past few
weeks I just come from not having enough
time I think we never have enough time
it's Wednesday which means I need to put
out a new freakin video I've been really
slacking on the Wednesday upwards how do
you spell entrepreneur new episode of
that creative life is exporting usually
I want the video up sooner than 9 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time but the debate is
on there's another presidential debate
tonight so I'm just gonna drop this
episode right from the presidential
debate is over give some people some
relief from the chaos that is the 2016
US election I'm definitely running out
of time to get things done I leave on a
plane tomorrow around noon for Canada
super stoked for it but for festival if
you live in the Canada Toronto area
something super exciting is nothing I am
yes premiering in the daily vlogging
category but also the documentary that I
helped shoot at VidCon that I blogged
about you saw some behind the scenes of
it is premiering at buffer festival we
have around theater and everything oh
yeah got it uploaded new episode of that
creative life chase
this tree services along the lines of
like Casey Neistat and Gary Vaynerchuk
but for me in regards of just a very
inspiring creative entrepreneur I look
up to so that's so cool that I've gotten
to build a relationship with him and a
friendship with him and he dropped some
truths so watch it if you're new to this
channel or just not familiar with all
the type of stuff that I do on the
channel I basically blog and then I have
two shows one is called creative spaces
TV there is called that creative life
and the two shows they sound familiar so
people get them kind of confused but
creative spaces TV is something that
it's like seasonal I just wrapped it up
it's a docu-series that I make it's
basically like MTV Cribs a substance
that creative life is an interview
series where I sit on a couch with a
entrepreneur or artist and it's kind of
advice on how to navigate that world not
navigate the artistic the creative world
as an entrepreneur and you know a lot of
times I have guests on the show but
sometimes it's just me talking to the
camera so there are two separate things
I just finished releasing five episodes
of creative space TV if you haven't
watched it yet you can watch them but I
feel like I kind of need to like
decompress from it it's it's one of
those things that it takes so much time
and energy to make these things and now
that the season is complete I'm so proud
of it and you know there are some things
that hopefully I can improve on on next
season but throughout the release these
episodes and especially the past few
weeks just putting them on the platform
that as YouTube it's very like as much
as people say it's not about the numbers
it's not about this that when you're
putting your heart and soul into content
you put it out there for the world to
see and when it doesn't do as well as
you hope it would like that messes with
you like I the fact that a vlog of me
like buying an Apple watch can get
30,000 views
and then the last episode of creative
spaces TV with schmoyoho an amazing
YouTube channel and I am obsessed with
this up so like it took me so long to
edit and but the story is so good and
it's so entertaining and I just love it
you know something like that will get
like 10,000 bees and I know that's still
so many eyeballs and I'm sure so many
people would just like when I first saw
a creative space TV if you told me that
you know what creative spaces episode we
get 10,000 views that way
like that's amazing um I just I've kind
of been in the slump of like what is the
future of these shows obviously a
certain type of continent works on
YouTube and don't doing wrong like
vlogging and making tech more tech
videos making special just kind of
one-off videos from vlogs where you to
be stuff is so fun and I love it and
honestly I can sit down and edit a vlog
much easier than a creative space TV
episode and editing vlogs honestly are
more fun for me and then create a space
TV but I feel like you know this
docu-series that I'm making I'm pouring
all this time into it's like my baby and
I feel like it's my ticket to you know
host something that I've made on another
platform like Netflix HBO Hulu to where
I could get more more eyes on it and I
just for something that I pour so much
into when it doesn't reach the when it
doesn't reach that certain expectation
that I have of it it like I don't know
it hits me hard this is uh some real
talk I don't know I've always been
comfortable with you guys sharing my
hopes and dreams and struggles and my
creative process because hopefully it
can help you along the way or maybe
it'll help to hear that I'm going
through the same things and so I have a
few other kind of big events that I'm
doing I'm giving two hour and 15-minute
talks at Adobe MAX conference which
which is Adobe's huge creativity
conference which gives me
Maris and so I'm kind of just pushing
pushing through that and kind of the
tail end of November I'm looking forward
to to just kind of being in the city and
really sitting down and evaluating
everything I've done and what I could do
better and how I can do things
differently to grow my YouTube channel
to provide more value to you guys like
who are you gonna get the most
inspiration and information
entertainment from I'm just stoked to
have the PG fan with me and to just
continue this journey that is life with
you but yeah if you could get anything
out of what I just talked about
forevers is I feel like everyone goes
through doubts with their work you just
have to keep pushing through it
put one step in front of the other just
keep making stuff and when you make the
stuff and you see you see what you can
improve upon don't dwell on it
take a note and just apply it to the
next chapter of creation I'm gonna sided
for the future I'm pumped
all nighter last night which was just
too much but I did a ton of stuff this
morning I've been flying for 36 hours
now I started in the Maldives I went to
Doha to New York now Toronto I left my
passport on the plane and they wouldn't
let me in and someone had to go do that
for me
Canada like you survived you're gonna
scoop a ton tonight I have two stops
down soon so I can get in the frame with
you know
so told and we're stoked for buffer Eric
how are you gonna fit that and to here
oh he did it okay
that wasn't too terrible okay everything
is wrapped off of the hotel room it's
late but I'm hungry guys there's dogs
here there's dogs for our moral support
look I'm reuniting with the internet
kids squad - Sam we're premiering
Internet kids in two days two days two
days 1 p.m. Saturday so much hard work
yeah we I mean y'all have been editing
forever since we hours 165 total oh you
like County yeah what do you shoot on
here what is this
so this is a Canon 1dx mark 2
ridiculously stupid daily vlogging
camera ever but it makes me take more
time on my shot
Josh he's gonna come to New York City
yeah we're doing a collab together
Casey Knights that girl to us the thing
on the ground Oh friend one level below
ground level in Toronto isn't on to the
ground like every direction like 40
minutes in every direction we're
literally just gonna go underground
no no it's like zombies survive yeah
somebody's got underground
underground yeah Sawyer is risking his
life it's for a total of four at a time
laughs he's directing traffic
okay so buffer is already incredible I
am looking forward to the next couple of
days so much I've already met some
amazing amazing creators last night I
had a little rant and you know there was
truth in it and something that I've been
struggling with but honestly just seeing
all the comments that you guys have left
on the previous that creative life
episode with Chase Jarvis is so cool and
you know it just kind of puts in
perspective even if something a video or
a project isn't hitting the certain
numbers that you would like it to it's
so cool to see that it is still
impacting you guys in such a cool way
inspiring you and forming you just if it
made a difference in like five people's
lives that's whoa that's crazy so to
have you know just 5,000 or 10,000
people watch something like that and
leave a comment on how it inspires them
to do XYZ is incredible and it's it's
it's just cool I'm very thankful for
what I get to do I love I love making
videos so much and I love the people I
get to meet along the way so this is the
beginning of buffer festival I'm looking
forward to the rest of the weekend okay
y'all stay peachy okay bye